(ninja) Who has the BEST COMPENSATION PLAN? (ninja)

To have the best compensation plan, you must leverage 3 things:
people, products and cash.

What do I mean? Some opportunities leverage people but they only have
1 product. Take One24 - they have a great comp plan, and they leverage
people to create more people, but you only make money off of one
product with those people. Another thing that people are going wild
about is Penny Matrix. It's clearly a form of people leverage with one
product: an ebook subscription.

Some programs leverage cash. For instance, putting money into an
investment allows you to use cash to make more cash. If the investment
has a referral program, then you leverage people and cash. UInvest is
a good example of cash leverage with people leverage limited to one
level.

Some programs leverage products. For instance, if you could sell
someone a grocery delivery membership, then you can make money off of
every product that person buys. And maybe they leverage people to some
extent by allowing people to refer people.

Now, is there ONE PROGRAM that leverages PEOPLE, PRODUCTS and CASH?
Well, I know of one that allows me to earn off of millions of people I
will never meet. That's pretty good PEOPLE leverage. This same program
lets me earn from a product space containing the world's #1 retailer
as well as the local dry cleaner - that's over 1 million products
around the world, online and offline. That is solid PRODUCT
leverage. And this same program will allow me to turn $75 into $675 as
many times as I please. The only issue is that it does not do so on a
time schedule as a good cash leveraging program would.

(nerd) AND THE CONCLUSION IS ... (nerd)

There is no best comp plan. And what good is a comp plan if you are
being compensated for something that no one wants ;)
